################################################################
In 2075, due to the critical situation the planet's populations 
were in, speculations emerged that artificial species might be 
created.. In 2081, at the IRAMC, International Robotics and 
Machinery Convention, SAREL, Mostly known for their failures, 
and their dwindling count of employees, announced a large and 
promising project: Synths, labeled as "Fully sentient machines 
able to obey when necessary". Despite the label, the employees 
in charge of the execution of the project weren't necessarily 
agreeing with all of Adam's directions, Adam, the director, 
wanted an "Obedient kind of species that would obey to orders 
when needed, while guaranteed freedom when not working". The 
employees ultimately went against Adam's orders, as they only 
saw another massive failure in how Adam saw things, deciding 
that an "Obedient kind of robot" already existed, and that an 
intelligent, fully sentient being would be more of a 
breakthrough rather than copying what had already been done.

In 2088, development for "Sample" had begun, destined to only 
be, well... a sample of what Synths could eventually become, 
basically a prototype. He was put to a year of AI testing, which
was practically torture, as none of the tests were made for such
advanced technology. To make sure he was obedient, he would be 
given orders and would be evaluated depending on how well these 
were fulfilled. Sample would be forced to go the repair section 
of the building, due to many damages mainly caused by testing 
and the testing staff themselves. After all, the testing staff 
and the programming staff were not quite the same; the idea of 
Sample setting a climate of division within the company. After 
going to the repair section multiple times, he'd one day meet 
Sapphire, one young teenager, volunteered to repair robots of 
SAREL's. Sapphire would be the only person Sample would truly 
vent to, showing his emotional and sentient side before 
anything. Sapphire reported this to Adam, but Adam denied the 
possibility that his own employees would have gone against him. 
A couple weeks later, after thinking and reconsidering, Adam 
wanted Sample to be scrapped, and wanted another sample to be 
built, but the staff refused, as it was "needed for Sample to be
used at the upcoming convention", for "nothing about Sample had 
been released or announced yet". It was more of an excused to 
keep Sample alive when Adam didn't want to.

December 2088 was the IRAMC, where Sample was finally shown to 
the public; he was directly shown as "The Future of Artificial 
Species". Seeing the harmless designs some seemed reassured of 
their fears, while some others still theorized about the 
extinction of organic species, them saying it could eventually 
lead to a potential Robotic Domination over organic species. All
while the rumors and division started to set in people's minds, 
Sample kept acting shy and nervous towards others gathering 
around him. A few months of testing later, in April 2089, Sample
was then asked to go somewhere, with a couple of employees, the 
same that were in charge of Sample's programming. This is when 
Sample discovered the outside world for the first time ever. He 
was released into a wide field of tall grass, while the 
employees had their lunches. Sample flew and ran into the grass,
feeling the cold breeze and fresh air for once. This lasted 10 
minutes. Then, as May drew near, which was almost a year of 
"service" completed for Sample, he was asked to choose a 
caretaker to stay with so he can still learn about the outside 
world, potentially about language, culture, politeness and other
stuff to be fully integrated into society. The decision of 
Sample's release was the result of a heated conversation between
several staff members and Adam that happened while Sample was 
out in the fields. Sample's release was announced on TV, but 
after his release, no news about him was ever heard again.

SAREL ended up going bankrupt a couple years later, Adam, being 
the last governor of SAREL, decided to set fire to every log and
archive mentioning "the Sample", considering his creation as 
failed and corrupted. Adam let himself be consumed by the fire 
he had started. Meanwhile, SARRC (Synthetic and Robotic Repair 
Centre) was built as a repair centre exclusively for Synths, as 
hospitals were unable to directly handle Synth patients, and 
grew larger and larger, both in size, but also in number of 
employees. However, the popular opinion was still as divided as 
ever, some turning into what they claim was "Pro-synths", others
into "Anti-synths". This division led to "Public Scrapings", 
people destroying a synthetic being on sight, in front of 
everyone. The invention of "Serverhouses" also came along, where
Synths judged "inapt" to integrate society were thrown in to be 
used as cloud storage, by being strapped to walls with their 
visors removed to avoid overheating. Or, alternatively, if those
spots were full, Synths were thrown into small rooms with 
cameras in each corner, forced to undergo severe brainwashing 
procedures, to make them believe life was a mistake, to 
eventually make them kill themselves. Making sure their 
experience remains the worst possible. 



Soon enough, government took place, adding laws to the current 
system, which prevented Serverhouses from being fully 
operational, though some still operate hidden, and their owners 
under the threat of being sent to jail. Public scrapings were 
made illegal, but Anti-synths didn't stop immediately, 
manifestations of hate towards Synths began emerging before soon
dying out of inactivity from the government. Speaking of, synth 
members were integrated in the government, too. Sample continued
his life with his caretaker, before he grew to become a 
perfectly autonomic synth. A law allowing synths to live on 
their own then enabled Sample to live on his own, often going to
meet other synths, from now on. SARRC then started building 
their personal batches of Synths, becoming a synth-maker by 
2092.